---
layout: post
title: Day 6
---

Today, I refined and organized all my blogs and their layout because I realized I had been updating them incorrectly under one huge file. Regarding the coding aspects, I finalized my code and further completed test cases for functions that I previously hadn’t written test cases for. For my data visualization, I added in different colors on my graphs based on the user's performance. For example, if the user attempts a word more than 3 times before getting it correct, the bar for that word will appear red; if they attempt the word only 1-2 times before getting it correct, the bar will appear green. The same thing happens if the user takes longer than 15 seconds. I wanted to add this feature to make my program more actively engaged with the user data. I think this color feedback will help users identify their weaker areas more immediately than a bar graph with uniform color. 

One challenge I had throughout this process was figuring out how to incorporate something that clarifies that "red = needs more practice and green = mastery." I originally wanted to do so by including it as a common subtitle for both of my graphs ("attempt" and "time," where the former graphs the amount of tries the user takes before correctly answering and the latter graphs the amount of time); however, finding a place to put the subtitle became a struggle. After reviewing an old training, I realized that legend is a built-in feature in plotly, which made me assume the same for matplotlib. Luckily, my hypothesis turned out to be correct. I discovered the legend method and Patch, which was a class under Matplotlib that allowed me to create shapes for my legend. This experience taught me that Python libraries with similar functionalities (like plotting graphs) likely have similar built-in methods under them (like .legend()). Therefore, it's always helpful to connect old knowledge to current situations, allowing me to create educated guesses for solving new challenges. 
