---
layout: post
title: Day 1: 12/9/2024
---

Today I submitted the proposal and did some research on the libraries I could utilize in my project of creating flashcards. After some searching on official Python documentations and YouTube, I figured that it would be a bit too complicated for me to try creating files and storing all my vocab in some place and rewriting these files as users add new words into them. I would need to learn too much new information for the two-week span of time. One thing I learned in this process is that YouTube comes in as a very handy source for ground research, where dense documentations sometimes may suit better for deep dives. Another thing I liked about YouTube is that it has more visualizations, which helped me process the code better. Earlier tonight I was looking at the rule manual for the JSON library, and my understanding didn't really develop until I watched introduction videos on what the library actually is. In general, compared to other nights, I did today's research more frantically because I was trying to juggle all my other final projects in other classes. However, I'm very happy that I eventually settled on one specific project. 

---
layout: post
title: Day 2: 12/10/2024
---

As my original plan was to only code the flashcard-creating section, I actually ended up coding that along with the practice and 1/3 of the data visualization section (I finished the bar graph that shows the vocab involved and attempts used). There are still some bugs existing in my code, such as when I call everything in my main function, the previous definition still shows up in the same terminal, which should've been erased because the user shouldn't be seeing the answers when practicing. However, I'm very happy with the amount of progress I've made on this project today. I think in the following days, I can definitely finish plotting and attempt JSON to store files or attempt GUI to create a user platform instead of performing everything directly on the Colab page. Lastly, instead of using Plotly, I decided to explore more possibilities, so I introduced myself to the matplotlib library and the numpy library, which both helped me generate my bar graph.

---
layout: post
title: Day 1: 12/13/2024
---
Both yesterday and today, I explored different ways to create a GUI for the flashcard program. I looked into several Python libraries, such as Tkinter, Gradio, Streamlit and ipywidgets. Since I didn’t have too many experiences with coding GUIs beforehand, the process was quite challenging. The first library I experimented with is Tkinter because I thought you recommended it to my friend who is also trying to create a GUI. To familiarize myself, I explored its documentation and found simple snippets of code from online websites to see the basics. However, when I tried running that in my colab notebook, I encountered the same issue repeatedly. After some google searching, I found out that Tkinter doesn't cooperate with the colab environment. This experiment taught me to stay calm under frustrating situations and the importance of fact-checking myself before proceeding because even if I thought I heard something, there is always a good chance that I have misheard. I repeated the same things for all other libraries. Out of everything I’ve tried, I’ve decided to settle on Gradio. However, I was running into issues within that too. Since displaying is one of my reach goals anyway, for now, I’ve decided to focus on other important aspects of my program, such as printing in color visuals and incorporating time. Despite all the challenges, the process is still very eye opening.

---
layout: post
title: Day 1: 12/14/2024
---
Today, I worked on visualizations for my program. I gained a deeper understanding of how limited Colab is compared to other local applications. The library I found previously for adding color, Colorama, also doesn't work directly in Colab because it was designed to work in local terminals. However, luckily, I remembered from our very first training that Colab can work with HTML to produce colored outputs. Although I'm aware that there are other alternatives, I chose HTML because it offered me a great opportunity to review the language and gave me a sense of nostalgia for my subbie year. I did end up including color and different size fonts. In addition, since I was struggling with GUIs trying to create flashcards on an external website, I realized that I could achieve something similar in Colab by directly printing actual flashcards. I'm very happy about all the progress, as the program now looks much more interesting and fun compared to the previous version with only plain black text. I think these changes will greatly encourage user interaction and improve the program's readability. 
