---
layout: post
title: Day 5
---
Today, I experimented with the time module, recording the cumulative seconds it took for the user to answer each word correctly. I chose to include this as a choice in later graphic visualizations because it allows the user to visualize easily which words they spent longer trying to remember and which words came to their mind immediately. I think time tracking makes my program more useful by offering users another perspective on understanding their progress and identifying areas of further improvement. In addition, I also worked with JSON files to store progress. My progress today allowed my program to save user data, allowing them to decide whether they want to build off of old work or start fresh from scratch. I really like this feature because it brings my code closer to the real-world apps out in the market, as most of them allow users to review old vocab and learn new vocab at a customized pace. My next steps are to finish my code and start my presentation. If there are other times available after that, I will come back to working on a GUI for my applications. 

---
layout: post
title: Suggestions for Future Students
---
This is a class that is hard and requires lots of effort, but also definitely doable. It doesn't require any prior knowledge of python, but does require a student that pays well attention in class. Missions assigned are definitely challenging, but also doable with enough understanding of the trainings in class. Level-ups are very scary, but also offers an unique experience of challening your knowledge, and having a dedicatd time to drop everything and engage in the problem. In addition, also although this class doesn't encourage students to use resources from the wild web, it gives you sufficient resources from office hours, trainings and official documentations. So, never panic when issues come up, take breaks in between and have faith that everything will work out just fine.
