---
layout: post
title: Day 3
---

Both yesterday and today, I explored different ways to create a GUI for the flashcard program. I looked into several Python libraries, such as Tkinter, Gradio, Streamlit, and ipywidgets. Since I didn’t have too many experiences with coding GUIs beforehand, the process was quite challenging. The first library I experimented with is Tkinter because I thought you recommended it to my friend, who is also trying to create a GUI. To familiarize myself, I explored its documentation and found simple snippets of code from online websites to see the basics. However, when I tried running that in my Colab notebook, I encountered the same issue repeatedly. After some Google searching, I found out that Tkinter doesn't cooperate with the Colab environment. This experiment taught me to stay calm under frustrating situations and the importance of fact-checking myself before proceeding because even if I thought I heard something, there is always a good chance that I have misheard. I repeated the same things for all other libraries. Out of everything I’ve tried, I’ve decided to settle on Gradio as it gave me a basic webpage for my program. However, unfortunately, I was running into issues with that too. I struggled to import my flashcard dictionary onto the webpage and change the screen every time after a prompt is answered. Since displaying is one of my reach goals anyway, for now, I’ve decided to focus on other important aspects of my program, such as printing in color visuals and incorporating the time module to calculate how long the user took to answer each word correctly. Despite all the challenges, the process is still very eye-opening.

